README
------

    A.  Objective of the experiment
    B.  About the Experiment “Human Activity Recognition”
    C.  Reference
    D.  Detail Description of Data Script Acquisition and Organization

A. Objective
------------

One of the most exciting areas in all of data science right now is
wearable computing. Companies like Fitbit, Nike, and Jawbone Up are
racing to develop the most advanced algorithms to attract new users. The
purpose of this project is to get and organize data collected from the
accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. The source of data
is studied at UCI Machine Learning Repository and presented in the
article “Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Data Set”.

B. About the Experiment “Human Activity Recognition”
----------------------------------------------------

The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers
within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six
activities (WALKING, WALKING\_UPSTAIRS, WALKING\_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING,
STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the
waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured
3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant
rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data
manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two
sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the
training data and 30% the test data.

C. Reference
------------

Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L.
Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a
Multiclass Hardware-Friendly Support Vector Machine. International
Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz,
Spain. Dec 2012

D. Detail Description of Data Script Acquisition and Organization
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect,
work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that
can be used for later analysis. This is a peer-grading project based on
a series of yes/no questions related to the project. The submission
should include the following:

    1   The text of tidy data set.
    2   The Github repo containing the required scripts.
    3   GitHub containing a code book called CodeBook.md
    4   The README.md

Original Data Source for this project is from
<https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip>
