{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red249\green249\blue249;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red32\green94\blue198;\red0\green0\blue0;\red222\green53\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;
\red251\green251\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\csgray\c100000;
\cssrgb\c15294\c45882\c81961;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c90588\c29804\c23529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;
\cssrgb\c98824\c98824\c98824;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh10900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	A.	}Objective of the experiment\
{\listtext	B.	}About the Experiment \'93Human Activity Recognition\'94\
{\listtext	C.	}Reference\
{\listtext	D.	}Detail Description of Data Script Acquisition and Organization\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b A. Objective
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One of the most exciting areas in all of data science right now is wearable computing. Companies like Fitbit, Nike, and Jawbone Up are racing to develop the most advanced algorithms to attract new users. The purpose of this project is to get and organize data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. The source of data is studied at UCI Machine Learning Repository and presented in the article \'93Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Data Set\'94.\
\

\b B. About the \cf2 \cb3 Experiment \cf2 \cb3 \'93Human Activity Recognition\'94 
\b0 \
\
The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the training data and 30% the test data. \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\b C. Reference
\b0 \
Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a Multiclass Hardware-Friendly Support Vector Machine. International Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. Dec 2012\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D. Detail Description of Data Script Acquisition and Organization
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. This is a peer-grading project based on a series of yes/no questions related to the project. The submission should include the following:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The text of tidy data set.\cb4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Github repo containing the required scripts.\cb4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GitHub containing a code book called CodeBook.md\cb4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The README.md\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Original Data Source for this project is from\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip\
\

\i \cf6 \ul \ulc6 This repository consists of the following files
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf7 \cb8 run_analysis.R\
CodeBook.md\
final_tidyData.txt
\f0 \cf6 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \

\i Details of run_analysis.R script
\i0 \
This script is created to perform the acquisition and organization of raw dataset to generate a tidy data file, called 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 final_tidyData.txt
\f0 \cf6 \cb3 \
Functions of run_analysis.R script\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Downloads the dataset from the URL mentioned above and unzips it to create UCI HAR Dataset folder.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Reads \'91test\'92 and \'91train\'92 data sets into R as data frames, then combines them by row to create one data frame for each coordinate (x, y, subject).\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Labels the data set with measurement variable names. \cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Extracts a subset of data with only the measurements on the mean 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 mean() 
\f0 \cf9 \cb10 and standard deviation 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 std()
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  for each measurement.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assigns names showing descriptive activities (LAYING, STANDING, SITTING, etc) to corresponding numbers to improve readability.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Labels the data set with descriptive variable names.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Creates a second independent data set by combine all the columns as one data set, arrange all columns by 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93SubjectID\'94 
\f0 \cf6 and
\f1 \cf7  \'93Activity\'94
\f0 \cf6 . Reshapes newly created second data set to calculate the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Writes new tidy data frame to a text file to create the required tidy data set file of 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 180
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  observations and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 68
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns(
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 2
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns for 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \'93Activity\'94
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  and \'93
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 SubjectID\'94
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 66
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns for measurement variables)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Running the script by sourcing the script from your working directory in R. 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 source(run_analysis.R)\
\

\f0\i \cf6 Details of CodeBook.md
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb10 The code book file describes the variables, the data, \cf2 \cb3 summaries calculated, along with units, \cf9 \cb10 and any transformations and work performed to clean up the data.\
\

\i Details of final_tidyData.txt
\i0 \
This is generated by running run_analysis.R and consists of tidy data in form of text. This tidy data set consists of\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
180
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  observations and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 68
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns(
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 2
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns for 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \'93SubjectID\'94
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \'93Activity\'94
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 66
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  columns for measurement variables)\
\ls4\ilvl0\cf9 \cb10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each measurement variable column is average value for each combination of 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \'93SubjectID\'94
\f0 \cf9 \cb10  and 
\f1 \cf7 \cb8 \'93Activity\'94\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf9 \cb10 \
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \

\fs28 \
}